business tycoon and billionaire damian
hale is
master of his own universe until he is
diagnosed with terminal cancer
he finds a business card directing him
to professor albright who informs him
about a medical procedure called
shedding
in which one's consciousness is
transferred to an artificially grown
body
while damien searches the article about
dr francis jensen
a shedding neurologist he suddenly
collapses and the blood sputum is
spurting onto the laptop
in his nursing home damian receives a
call from albright
saying that once he transferred into
another body it would not return to his
original body and his death will then be
made
to the public also albright plans damien
to fly to new orleans to meet his new
friend martin
damian then buries the box containing
something in the cemetery
damien and martin are having coffee in
the restaurant but damien collapses
again to the floor
he is now brought into albright's and he
decides to transfer to
the healthy body we call him as young
damian
now his body is transferred to the new
body young damien begins to learn how to
walk
and swim albright prescribes medication
to ease vivid hallucinations
which he claims are side effects of the
procedure
damien starts a new life in new orleans
under the assumed name of edward kidner
and quickly befriends his neighbor anton
he lives a luxury life with many
beautiful girls around
he forgets to take his medicine and his
hallucinations
are of a woman and a child damien
questions albright who dismisses it but
accidentally mentions details of the
hallucination that damien had not
discussed
albright arranges for damien to take a
vacation in hawaii
but damien convinced the hallucinations
are a real memory
identifies a landmark he saw in his
vision and heads to a farmhouse outside
of st
louis there he finds a woman madeleine
who reacts to him as her apparently
deceased husband mark
damien and madeleine are suddenly
attacked by albright's men
including anton damien plays along as
mark
though shocked to learn that mark sold
himself to albright to pay for their
daughter anna's life-saving treatment
damon fatally wounds anton and kills his
accomplices
then flees with madeleine to collect
anna from school
at a motel damien uses a laptop to
research
shedding and discovers an elderly dr
francis jensen
now deceased was the pioneer researcher
in the field of transhumanism
in a video damon notices the tickligens
and shares with albright
and then sees albright sitting next to
jensen deducing that jensen has shed
himself into albright's body
damien finds jensen's wife phillips in a
nursing home
but she is suffering from alzheimer's
and remembers nothing
damien lures jensen to the facility and
jensen reveals that the pills will
eventually illuminate mark's personality
without the pills damian's consciousness
will die and mark will re-emerge
jensen escapes when more killers arrive
and damien is almost overpowered
but madeleine wounds the attacker who
proves to be anton in a new body
anton reveals that he is shed multiple
times while damien confiscates anton's
pills
anton taughts manila to ask her husband
why he cannot answer personal questions
about their life
madeleine confronts mark over his lack
of knowledge of their personal details
and damien reveals the entire story
he takes her and anna to his friend
martin o'neill and
convinces martin to arrange from
madeleine and anna to flee to the
caribbean
when he and madeleine discover anna
playing with martin's previously
deceased child tony
martin admits that he used shedding and
that albright's men are coming
damien reveals shedding secrets to
martin who also believe that the bodies
were artificially grown
damien distracts jensen's men while
martin flees with the others
damien again fatally injures anton but
the other thugs realize that damian is
alone and turned to recapture madeleine
and anna
damien stops taking his medicine to
experience mark's memories
which reveal that jensen has a lab in an
abandoned warehouse
jensen captures him and starts to shed
anton into mark's body
damien remembering that metal interferes
with the process
hides a bullet casing in his mouth
destroying anton's consciousness
masquerading as anton damien rescues the
others
although jensen tries to claim that
damien needs him to survive
martin was able to reverse engineer the
pills and give damien the formula
allowing damien to emulate jensen with a
flamethrower
after killing jensen he has martin
complete madeleine and anna's escape to
the caribbean
damien visits his estranged daughter
claire but does not reveal his presence
inside mark
simply giving her a letter that
reconciles claire with her father
damian travels to the caribbean and
stops taking his medicine the real mark
reemerges and finds a video message from
damien
thanking him for the time he gave him
and mark
reunites with his family